Add module for BigQuery Storage API (#2180)
akka/alpakka: docs/src/main/paradox/google-cloud-bigquery-storage.md

# Google Cloud BigQuery Storage

@@@ note
The BigQuery Storage API offers fast access to BigQuery-managed storage using an [rpc-based](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/storage/rpc) protocol.
It is seen as an improvement over the REST API, and bulk data `extract` jobs for accessing BigQuery-managed table data, but doesn't offer any functionality around managing BigQuery resources.
Further information at the official [Google Cloud documentation website](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/storage).
@@@

This connector communicates to the BigQuery Storage API via the gRPC protocol. The integration between Akka Stream and gRPC is handled by the

> [Akka gRPC library](https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc). Currently this connector only supports returning each row as an Avro GenericRecord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@extref:[Akka gRPC library](akka-grpc:/). Currently, this connector only supports returning each row as an Avro GenericRecord.
```

## Build setup

The Alpakka Google Cloud BigQuery Storage library contains the classes generated from [Google's protobuf specification](https://github.com/googleapis/java-bigquerystorage/tree/master/proto-google-cloud-bigquerystorage-v1).

@@@note { title="ALPN on JDK 8" }

For use on JDK 8 the ALPN Java agent needs to be set up explicitly.

@@@

### Maven

When using JDK 8: configure your project to use the Java agent for ALPN and add `-javaagent:...` to your startup scripts as described in the @extref:[Akka gRPC documentation](akka-grpc:/buildtools/maven.html#starting-your-akka-grpc-server-from-maven).

### sbt

When using JDK 8: Configure your project to use the Java agent for ALPN and add `-javaagent:...` to your startup scripts.

Pull in the [`sbt-javaagent`](https://github.com/sbt/sbt-javaagent) plugin.

project/plugins.sbt
: @@snip (/project/plugins.sbt) { #grpc-agent }

Enable the Akka gRPC and JavaAgent plugins on the sbt project.

build.sbt
: @@snip (/build.sbt) { #grpc-plugins }

Add the Java agent to the runtime configuration.

build.sbt
:   ```scala
    javaAgents += "org.mortbay.jetty.alpn" % "jetty-alpn-agent" % "2.0.9"
    ```

### Gradle

> When using JDK 8: Configure your project to use the Java agent for ALPN and add `-javaagent:...` to your startup scripts as described in the @extref:[Akka gRPC documentation](akka-grpc:/buildtools/gradle.html#starting-your-akka-grpc-server-from-gradle).

Reviewer: This is not required anymore (since JDK 8 update 252).

Reviewer: I just merged https://github.com/akka/alpakka/pull/2312 which upgrades Akka gRPC and the Google Pub/Sub gRPC docs with this info.
